fix: scw scm doesn't tag external nodes (#2389)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-tags.mdx

<Message type="note">
  When using Scaleway's managed Kubernetes, Kapsule, the tags on the pool will be transformed into tags on the pool's Instances, so applying to all Kubernetes nodes of the pool.

>   This also works on Kosmos scaleway pool, but not on `multi-cloud pool`, nor external node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This also works on Kosmos Scaleway pools, but not on `multi-cloud pool`, nor external nodes.
```
